---
layout: post
title: Data Text
category: research
---

Bible Coloring' is a coloring application that allows you to experience beautiful stories in the Bible.

Do you work at a City bank?

PURITO's bestseller, which recorded 4th rough -cuts by words of mouth from abroad.

In Chapter 11 Jesus called Lazarus from the tomb and raised him from the dead.

I would feel grateful to know how many stocks will be secured of size 6.5, 7, and 8.

18fw Kenzo Tiger Kids, and refund for lacking quantity of Kids which was ordered this time.

And I'll send you a picture of me and my dogs.

Part of profits are used for the comfort women, and it is holding various campaigns for them.

I feel happy when people call me cheetah because they are using a nickname based on something that I am good at.

So, a person who made a computer program actually becomes an author of that computer program.

I told my friends that I will give you the philosopher's book as a gift.

And the rest of the pictures are my friends.

I study for the rest of the time.

I will cheer you on your work and your grade from far away.

If other players hunt monsters, you gain additional experience.

Can I just show you my ticket to the movie theater?

I remember that the person recharged my transportation card when I gave her money through a tiny hole, just like the ticket 
office for the public bath.

Not only the culture, but we can also learn about the unique organic relationships in the entire society.
As a result of the meeting with A company that we recently had, the contract time will be postponed a bit.
I would take pictures of tour administrators and arrange their stories and introduce them to the website.
Also, this product needs a grass field for safety considering unexpected falls.
Express moisture mask that presents radiant skin to give vigor and vitality.
I don’t know how to cancel the orders I have previously made.
It takes 2 to 5 minutes to use our sexy cute makeup machine.
I think it is a must for the government to take care of its people's health.
I accidentally watched him play soccer on TV when I was very young.
The product is much better than I thought.
I would like you to send six new models of A model together with the defective samples for more reliable response and confirmation.
32 students from the art and humanity, 1 student from the natural sciences got the perfect score in the College Scholastic Ability Test last year.
Applicant NBP has to stop actions to limit the transfer of existing advertisers between keyword ads agency and abolish the relevant operating policies.
I'll fill it out and send it to you by tomorrow.
Because the school is too far away, I live in a dormitory.
Before you come in Korea, give the bank card to parents.
Since flights were canceled due to heavy snow in Korea, delivery was delayed.
I will always make my best efforts to become a staff who has a confident mind, a smile on face and take a lead for all kinds of works.
There are 2 single beds, including a hotel luxury mattress and a topper and bed linen changing every 3-4 days.
The outsole's primary material is PVC, and the black color on the outer seems to be of another material.
We always try and show our love for each other.
I saw another seller's product, and it had some holes.
"Meok-Bang," is a short form for a Korean phrase meaning "Food Show," has emerged like a comet to the broadcasting industry of Korea and is now a hot trend.
"Kidnapped" is an adventure story set in Scotland with high literary significance.
In 100 years human beings would be subordinated to AI and face their ruin.
"A," says 10computers are "ready" and only 9 are currently updated.
We do not know how A concluded the business while resigning from D.
“Auto” is an automatic translation function to help provide the translation.
I've signed up for "rush".
Could you change panel page no.2 of "TITLE" design?
A thing which starts with A among "Tra" tag is connected with "ADY" to us.
Although I said because I love golf, I realized it was not an education-wise good answer.
How long would the "official invitation letter" take?
I will get my visa as soon as I receive the " official invitation letter".
If there is such thing as a "redemption", it would be a blessing of aging, joy of getting ill, and peaceful death.
They made a monthly post called life in Kibera.
"Gil" means road.
"Sometimes lucky is what you cannot earn the thing that you want.
"Maijjung" is a neologism that is used a lot by young women on social media, which means it's delicious in a cute way.
There is a mark in the checkbox of "is required memo", the memo is the required value.
It was chaebol reform that came to the fore in the 19th presidential election with the opportunity of "Park Geun-Hye gate".
If you can explain in detail what "remark association" is, we'll be able to push Schiffer through a concierge.
Introducing blend mode, a powerful plugin that allows you to change the designated creation mode.
"Vitamin Line" is freshness itself that fills your face with life and makes your skin feeling smooth.
People could look at my jewelry on the runway and purchase it in two weeks.
Tap the "NEW GROUP" then new group is made.
"Hurry up," saying this is for you.
Tupola, "A meditation site for social travel service", renewal open in Jeonju.
"Lovely bear patterned pajamas!
The term “archive” has originated from Greek and is used for two meanings.